---
layout: page
subheadline: ""
title: "DAISO Lab News"
teaser: ""
header:
   image_fullwidth: "header_typewriter.jpg"

categories:
  - 
tags:
  - 
#
# Styling
#
image:
    title:
    thumb:
    homepage:
    caption:
    caption_url:
---

<div style="overflow-y: scroll; height:400px;">

   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>10/01/2023 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong>strong> is appointed to serve as the external program evaluator for the Mid-Career Faculty Fellow (MCFF) program by the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. Dr. Li will used mixed-method to assess the program effectiveness in strengthening research competitiveness among faculty fellows in the program. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>07/30/2024 - Congratulations to <strong>Ayodeji Solomon Adegoke</strong>strong>, who graduates from the MS Psychology program at UL Lafayette. Mr. Adegoke will move on to complete a PhD in psychology at Wayne State University. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->

   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>10/01/2023 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong>strong> serves as the senior personnel (external evaluator) for the NSF IUSE project, "Beginnings: Addressing the Talent and Diversity Gap in Biotechnology Workforce", led by Dr. Kumer Das (NSF award: 2322705; 2023-2026).  
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->

   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>05/30/2023 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong>strong> is awarded sabbatical leave from Fall 2023-Spring 2024.
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>05/12/2023 - Graduate lab member </p>strong>Ashley Fromenthal</strong> is being recognized as the receipient of Richard G. Neiheisel Phi Beta Kappa Graduate Award at the Spring Commencement. Congratulations, Ashley!
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>05/12/2023 -  Graduate lab member <strong>Brianna Sadighian</strong> is being recognized as the receipient of Outstanding Master's Graduate at the Spring Commencement. Congratulations, Bri!
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>05/11/2023 -  Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> received tenure and promotion to the Associate Professor rank. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>10/06/2022 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is being promoted by the <a href="https://www.springer.com/journal/12144" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Current Psychology</a> from Associate Editor to Section Editor! </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>07/11/2022 -  Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> received the Outstanding Faculty Advising Award, nominated by students Makayla Wilkerson, Joaquil Wilder, and Jada Venable. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>04/07/2022 - Congratulations to our undergraduate lab member, <strong>Sarah West</strong> for receiving the Psychology Department Scholarship. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>04/07/2022 - Congratulations to our undergraduate lab member, <strong>Taylar Johnson</strong> for receiving the most esteemed graduate award of the department of psychology, <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://www.facebook.com/ULLafayettePsycDepartment/photos/a.701439199900948/5236676036377219" target="_blank">"Hait-Lewis Award for Academic Excellence in Psychology"</a> and the ADVANCE Research Distinction. Both awards recognized Taylar's excellent research activities during her undergraduate years at UL Lafayette Psychology. 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>03/31/2022 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> received the professorship title, "Jack & Gladys Theall/BORSF Professorship in College of Liberal Arts". Thank you to the selection committee for reviewing the applications. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
      
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>03/28/2022 - Congratulations to <strong>Cheyane Mitchell</strong> for successfully defended her Master's thesis, titled "Super successful: The role of stereotypes, race, and gender in academic motivation". 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>03/10/2022 - Congratulations to our graduate lab member, <strong>Brianna Sadighian</strong> for being elected as <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://www.facebook.com/ULLafayettePsycDepartment/photos/a.701439199900948/5164355403609283/?type=3&theater" target="_blank">SWPA Graduate Student Representative</a> 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>04/01/2022 - Congratulations to our graduate lab member, <strong>Ashley Fromenthal</strong> for winning the <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://www.facebook.com/ULLafayetteGraduateSchool/photos/pcb.4983669521688977/4983662805022982" target="_blank"> "Say it in 6 Competition"</a> 
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>02/11/2022 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> received the <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/officialullafayette/51885502491/in/album-72177720296731572/" target="_blank"> Rising Star Award 2019-2020</a>  from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette  </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>11/03/2021 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> (co-PI) and Dr. Yu Wang's (PI) NSF proposal (~300k) on research and teaching practices on OER has been recommended for funding. More information to come on the website! </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>10/12/2021 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li's</strong> proposal for a Faculty Learning Community (FLC) on Improving Accessibility, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion through Open Educational Resources (OER) was selected by the Office of Distance Learning at UL Lafayette. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>7/1/2021 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is being awarded by the Open Education Group as a Open Education Resource (OER) Research Fellow. Dr. Li will be conducting research on OER and open pedadogy. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>5/24/2021 - In collaboration with Dr. Taniecea Mallery, Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong>'s proposal on "Educating for Equity Fellows: A cohort-based Professional Development Program for Equity-Minded Teaching and Learning" is funded via the eLearning Innovation Grants by the Board of Regents Louisiana. The grant will allow the project team to launch a year-long faculty training program on transformative social emotional education. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>4/30/2021 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is being selected by the Louisiana Board of Regents and LOUIS: The Louisiana Library Network to work on an Open Education Resource (OER) project for Dual Enrollment.  The funding (funded to LOUIS by the Department of Education) will allow Dr. Li to co-create free textbook materials (OER materials) for dual enrollment students in psychology. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>4/27/2021 - <strong>Taylar Johnson</strong>, our undergraduate lab member is being selected for the Aline Mitchell Garrett Memorial Endowed Scholarship, awarded by the Department of Psychology at UL Lafayette!!! </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>4/14/2021 - Both our graduating lab members, <strong>Nadia Turki</strong> and <strong>Karina Santiago</strong> are being named as Outstanding Undergraduate Researchers ("Research Rock Stars") by the Department of Psychology of UL Lafayette.</p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>4/5/2021 - Dr. Manyu Li is being appointed by the <a href="https://www.springer.com/journal/12144" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">Current Psychology</a> as an Associate Editor! </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>11/8/2020 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li </strong>is being named the <a href="https://gradschool.louisiana.edu/blog/meet-outstanding-masters-mentor-dr-manyu-li" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">2020 Outstanding Master's Mentor</a> by the Graduate School of UL Lafayette. Thank you graduate student <strong>Kristen Black</strong> for the nomination. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>9/29/2020 - Two of our undergraduate lab members, <strong>Taylar Johnson</strong> and <strong>Karina Santiago</strong>  are being selected as McNair scholars!!!  They are the 4th and 5th members of the DAISO lab who are being selected as McNair scholars. Congratulations. Taylar will work on a research project on social identity and sense of community among BTS fans on social media. Karina will work on a research project on stigma towards people with Borderline Personality Disorder.  </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>9/2/2020 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong>'s proposal is being selected by LOUIS: The Louisiana Library Network as part of the LOUIS Open Educational Resources Course Transformation Program Award. The funding will allow Dr. Li to create ancillary materials for open educational resources (OERs) on two courses - Social Psychology and Theories of Personalities.</p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>5/8/2020 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is being selected for the LOUIS OER Commons Faculty Cohort Program. The funding will allow Dr. Li to participate in a faculty cohort program to learn more about OER. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>9/7/2019 - Two of our undergraduate lab members, <strong>Donaka Autry</strong> and <strong>Kolby Curry</strong> are being selected as McNair scholars!!! Donaka will work on a McNair research project on the perceived discrimination and academic motivation among Black college students under the mentorship of Dr. Li. Kolby will work on a research project understanding the sense of belonging and the financial struggles of Black college students. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>4/2/2019 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is one of the proposals being ranked as # 1 priority in funding by the Board of Regent Louisiana Research Competitive Subprogram.  The proposal is being funded for three years with an amount of $138,364 USD. The funding will allow her to support at least two master students (stipend and tuition waiver) - if interested, please email Dr. Li!</p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>8/8/2018 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> is being selected as the <a rel="noreferrer noopener" href="https://studentexperiencenetwork.org/designation/career-fellowship/" target="_blank"> National Study of Learning Mindsets Early Career fellow</a> by the University of Texas at Austin Population Research Center and the Mindset Scholar. The funding will allow Dr. Li to conduct a text analysis project using the national dataset. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>2/15/2018 - Dr. <strong>Manyu Li</strong> (PI) and Dr. <strong>Theresa Wozencraft</strong> (co-PI) are being selected as the recipients of the American Psychological Foundation’s 2017 Society for General Psychology Mary Whit Calkins Grant. This is an early career grant that will support our work on understanding community support and well-being among natural disaster victims. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p>5/21/2018 - Our undergraduate lab member, <strong>Andre Rodriquez</strong> is being selected as a McNair Scholar. Andre will work on a McNair research project on the perception of Mexican immigrants under the mentorship of Dr. Li. </p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
   
   <!-- wp:paragraph -->
   <p></p>
   <!-- /wp:paragraph -->
</div>
